Update Fabric introduction (#16672)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/fabric/fabric.rst

Fabric (Beta)
#############

Fabric is the fast and lightweight way to scale PyTorch models without boilerplate code.

> - Handles all the boilerplate device logic for you
> - Easily switch from running on CPU to GPU (Apple Silicon, CUDA, ...), TPU, multi-GPU or even multi-node training
> - Brings useful tools to help you build a trainer (callbacks, logging, checkpoints, ...)
> - Designed with multi-billion parameter models in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Easily switch from running on CPU to GPU (Apple Silicon, CUDA, ...), TPU, multi-GPU or even multi-node training
- State-of-the-art distributed training strategies (DDP, FSDP, DeepSpeed) and mixed precision out of the bix
- Handles all the boilerplate device logic for you
- Brings useful tools to help you build a trainer (callbacks, logging, checkpoints, ...)
- Designed with multi-billion parameter models in mind
```

----

***********
Why Fabric?
***********

Fabric differentiates itself from a fully-fledged trainer like :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>` in these key aspects:

**Maximum Flexibility**
Wite your own training and/or inference logic down to the individual optimizer calls.

> You aren't forced to conform to a standardized epoch-based training loop like the one in :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>`.

Author: Added a sentece in Reformulated in [e3ba862](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/16672/commits/e3ba862a1d23ea5fd6021b7d993d922c1d54aeed)

This also makes it super easy to adopt Fabric in existing PyTorch projects to speed-up and scale your models without the compromise on large refactors.
Just remember: With great power comes a great responsibility.

**Personalization**
While a general-purpose trainer like :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>` contains all features *any* researcher could ever ask for,
it may contain way more stuff than you, the individual, would ever need.

> This can make it more difficult to adapt it to your domain of research than it should be, but at the same time, building a well-tested, efficient and hackable trainer is very time-consuming.

Author: Reformulated in [e3ba862](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/16672/commits/e3ba862a1d23ea5fd6021b7d993d922c1d54aeed)

I removed the reference to "domain". It's more about trusting/debugging/studying the internals of someone else's Trainer vs. building your own that you know well.

----

***********
Why Fabric?
***********

> Fabric differentiates itself from a fully-fledged trainer like :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>` in these key aspects:

Reviewer: The most important one we should add is Fast to implement- no need to restructure your code, just change a few lines in any pytorch native script and you'll be able to leverage Fabric features.

Author: added

**Maximum Flexibility**
Write your own training and/or inference logic down to the individual optimizer calls.
You aren't forced to conform to a standardized epoch-based training loop like the one in :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>`.
You can do flexible iteration based training, meta-learning, cross-validation and other types of optimization algorithms without digging into framework internals.
This also makes it super easy to adopt Fabric in existing PyTorch projects to speed-up and scale your models without the compromise on large refactors.
Just remember: With great power comes a great responsibility.

> **Personalization**
> While a general-purpose trainer like :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>` contains all features *any* researcher could ever ask for,
> it may contain way more stuff than you, the individual, would ever need.
> This makes it more difficult to study and trust the internals than it should be, but at the same time, building a well-tested, efficient and hackable trainer yourself is very time-consuming.
> Fabric bridges this gap by providing important tools to remove undesired boilerplate code (distributed, hardware, checkpoints, logging, ...), but leaves the design and orchestration fully up to you.
> 
> **Opt-in Philosophy**
> Everything in Fabric is opt-in.
> Think of it as a toolbox: You take out the tools (Fabric functions) you need and leave the other ones behind.
> This makes it easier to develop and debug your PyTorch code as you gradually add more features to it.

Reviewer: I would suggest combining the two
```suggestion
**Maximum Control**
The :doc:`Lightning Trainer <../common/trainer>` has many built in features to make research simpler with less boilerplate, but debugging it requires some familiarity with the framework internals.
In Fabric, everything is opt-in. Think of it as a toolbox: You take out the tools (Fabric functions) you need and leave the other ones behind.
This makes it easier to develop and debug your PyTorch code as you gradually add more features to it.
Fabric provided important tools to remove undesired boilerplate code (distributed, hardware, checkpoints, logging, ...), but leaves the design and orchestration fully up to you.
```

Author: Added your text
